Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Brandon and Diana again, and we have some things on our heart.
You know, I've been asking the Lord, 'Lord, there's a lot going on right now.
There is a lot going on.
' I told you all we would start to see these things—what the spirit of the Lord was showing me in prayer: the earthquakes, the wars and rumors of wars, the escalation with Iran.
It seems like all is being stirred up like a pot, isn't it?
But you can feel there's something major about to take place.
And then we have all the tariffs happening and all the things going on with that, and the economy crashing 1,500 points the day before and 2,000 today, and most people are like, 'What's going on?
' You know, and everybody wants to—'Where'd you go, Braden?
' Listen, if I don't feel the presence of the Lord on a video and I watch it back with my family and I just go, 'I'm not going to release it.
' I vowed to the Lord: if I do not sense the presence of the Lord on a video, I'm doing my best.
You know, some of them you may say, 'Well, I didn't feel nothing on that video.
' Well, it was semi-okay, so I release it.
But I'm telling you, if I feel a video is dry, I'm not going to waste your time.
I just don't want to waste your time.
I'd rather it just be nothing on the air at all than for me to come on here and just ramble around.
If I feel a leading, I'm going to put it out, and this is one I feel a leading on.
I was praying and I was asking the Lord about things, and He said, 'I want you to start reading the book of Jeremiah.
I want you to go over Jeremiah and look at what he went through and the things that I called him to say and warn the people that were not ready to hear what he had to say.
' They persecuted him for what was coming.
They persecuted him because of the things that he was saying and decreeing by the voice of the Lord.
He was saying, 'Hey, this judgment's coming.
These things are coming.
' And you have a lot of itching-ear people right now, a lot of prophetic voices like I told you all that are giving words at a level down here.
I'm not here to criticize because I'm not going to point any names out; I'm just telling you what I've heard the spirit of the Lord say.
They're so apt to want to be the first is what I'm hearing—to be the one that is always in the spotlight like a Hollywood celebrity wanting to have their name in lights instead of going higher.
And the Lord told me, 'There's a lot of my ministers that are speaking from a level down here instead of looking out like an eagle.
They're not looking at the eagle level.
They're prophesying down here with the chickens.
' And He said, 'And when you do that, you're only able to see the trees in front of your face.
You cannot see from a far distance what's coming to warn the people because you're prophesying down where the chickens are.
And if you don't get up where the eagles are because the eagle has an eagle-eyed view and they're able to see miles away.
' An eagle is able to see miles; they're able to see a long way and they're able to tell what's coming in the future from storms or whatever because they're able to see it.
But if they're down there with the chickens, you're only able to see the trees.
So, you're prophesying at the tree level and you need to come up higher in the mountain level.
And that's where the Lord is.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, are you not in the end times right now?
' I said, 'Well, we see the signs, Lord.
Of course I believe we're in the end times.
' And He said, 'Then what did I say in my word was coming for those end-time people?
If your generation is the closer generation—and we've heard it and heard it—if you are a closer generation, what are you expecting to come?
' And He gave me Matthew 24.
I want Diana to read this.
And this is not a feel-good passage.
This is not a feel-good, 'Wow, this makes me feel good.
Oh, good times are coming.
' If we're living in the last days, if we truly are living in the last days, what are we supposed to expect with an eagle-eyed view?
What are we looking for?
So, are we looking like everybody's saying there's good days coming, all this greatness is coming, 'Boy, I tell you what, this is going to be the best of the best'?
Are we off when we say that?
I don't know.
Let's see.
We're in the end times, right?
So, what is the end?
What did Jesus say we're supposed to expect?
Go ahead and read chapter 24, verse 4.
I want you to start there.
Jesus answered them, 'Be careful that no one mislead you, deceiving you and leading you into error.
For many will come in on the strength of my name, appropriating the name which belongs to me, saying, "I am the Christ, the Messiah," and they will lead many astray.
And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars.
See that you are not frightened or troubled, for this must take place, but the end is not yet.
For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be famines and earthquakes in place after place.
' Pause.
There'll be famines and there's going to be earthquakes in place after place.
So, there's going to be earthquakes all over the place, major earthquakes.
What I tell you is coming—the Lord said in 2025 we're going to start to see major earthquakes.
Then we had the one in Asia.
Then we had another one in Asia.
There's more coming.
Keep going.
There's pestilence and earthquakes, wars, rumors of wars.
'All this is the beginning, the early pains of the birth pains of intolerable anguish.
They will hand you over to suffer affliction and tribulation and put you to death.
And you will be hated by all nations for my name's sake.
And then many will be offended and repelled and will begin to distrust and desert him whom they ought to trust and obey and will stumble and fall away and betray one another and pursue one another with hatred.
And many false prophets will rise up and deceive and lead many into error.
And the love of the great body of people will grow cold because of the multiplied lawlessness and iniquity.
' Okay, pause.
So, He's warning right there that there's going to be a lot of people fall away.
There's going to be a lot of people that are going to be persecuted for His name's sake.
You're going to be tested basically by the world persecuting you because you're a Christian.
Then He said we're going to see lots of false prophets rise up.
I don't know—like I've said this before—I don't know of any other denomination or belief system that has prophets other than the Christian community.
We don't have Buddhist prophets.
We don't have Muhammad prophets.
I haven't heard any, but there's a lot of Christians and a lot of it is the charismatic circle.
Many false prophets are going to rise up.
So does that make these people bad?
No.
It just means they're not hearing Him.
They're down with the chickens.
They're not hearing a clear direction.
So anybody who gives a word that is off, that automatically makes it false.
But does that make them a bad person?
No.
Are they doing it out of malice?
Are they trying to be mean?
Are they saying, 'Well, we're going to lead all these people astray'?
No, I believe they're just missing it.
Many false prophets.
It's not somebody that's out there.
I don't believe there's a lot of these people, because I've talked to them, that are doing it and trying to be deceitful.
They're just down with the chickens and they're listening in front of their face instead of coming up higher with the fire, getting at the throne room and sitting at his feet.
You're going to see a bird's-eye view, not a chicken-eye view down here.
So many false prophets.
So, are we in the last days?
I believe we are.
So, what are we supposed to expect?
We're supposed to expect the things that he said in his word we would see.
And this is the beginning of sorrows.
And the Lord warned us this was coming.
He said it would be the beginning of sorrows.
That means we just started.
So, if this is the beginning of sorrows, are there good days ahead?
I don't know.
I mean, because the word just said this is the beginning of sorrows.
What does it mean to sorrow?
Sorrow doesn't sound like a good thing to me.
I'm just saying that doesn't sound like goosebumps and everything.
When I hear sorrows, that seems sad.
Sorrows is sad.
That's a sad time.
So it's the beginning of sorrows.
So we have a lot of words being given, and I'm not here to point out people, but we have a lot of words being given about the United States is going to do all this stuff, and we're going to do all these things, and everything's going to get better for a season.
And the Lord told me we have a window, a season of blessing for the remnant to get up the wealth of the wicked to lay up for the righteous.
He said, 'Why?
' Because there's great days of turbulence coming.
Very hard days are coming.
Matthew 24.
So, let's keep reading.
'But he who endures to the end will be saved, and this good news of the kingdom, the gospel, will be preached throughout the whole world as a testimony to all the nations.
And then will come the end.
' So, we're going to see the gospel preached throughout the whole world.
And I'm telling you, I believe Starlink will have a big hand in this.
Starlink, the internet, bringing these satellites that the internet is preached throughout all the devices, YouTube, and things like that.
The word is going forth into all nations.
And it's not by internet cable anymore.
It's by a link.
You can have it on your phone and you have a signal, and all of a sudden you're able to see the word anywhere in the world by a signal.
So it will be preached throughout the whole world and then the end will come when the gospel is preached.
So I believe that's the end-time revival.
I believe there's a glorious outpouring that has yet to happen, and we will see it throughout every island, all over the world, because God is going to give every unbeliever an opportunity—leaving the 99 to go after the one—to open their ears to let them hear what's about to take place so that you can't get up to the throne and say, 'Well, I never had the opportunity to hear it.
' Because listen, this is the first time in history, in any generation, that God is saying it's over.
It's always been by your hand or your great-grandma's hand that she died and rejected Christ.
They had the opportunity, but they just denied it.
But this is the first time in history that God said, 'I'm ending time as you know it.
I'm ending it.
' So it's not by them dying.
It's by me saying it's over.
Does that make sense?
It's the first time ever that God's saying time as we know it will be no more.
So he's giving everybody an opportunity to have the choice to reject it or accept it.
So we're seeing it right now.
Men's hearts are growing cold.
There's a great falling away.
The statistics are that there's less people coming to Christ than there were at this time.
I look at people sending me things, and I get it.
The word told us this would happen.
But he said, 'Brandon, I'm going after the one.
I'm going after the one that I see their heart, that maybe they just have that one opportunity to accept me as their Lord and personal savior.
' And I'm telling you all, we're going to see the glory cover the earth like waters cover the sea.
So this is what he told me in Jeremiah.
And we're going to see the glorious church rise up like we've never seen before.
But he's given me these scriptures.
He wants me to tell you all it's not good days coming.
It's like looking at a quarter.
You can see the glory or you can see the darkness.
And that's where we're at right now.
Things are going to escalate in a rapid manner.
From Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, he said things would accelerate.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
It said it in the word.
So, we're seeing labor pains increase.
We are going to see some major earthquakes.
We are going to see some major volcanoes.
People say, 'Well, there's volcanoes going off right now, Brother Brandon,' because Diana got the email.
She goes, 'Well, they're talking about your volcanoes again, what you said you saw.
' They're happening in Iceland.
They're happening in a couple in Alaska.
One's happening in Hawaii.
Folks, those aren't major volcanoes.
I said major volcanoes.
You need to look at Italy.
Watch Rome.
Watch Italy.
Watch this area.
I'm telling you, a major shaking is about to take place in areas that you didn't believe possible.
So much so that it will happen in the sea.
I'm telling you, you must look at the oceans.
Look at the oceans.
Many fish are going to start to die.
You will see it.
And it will be like in Hosea.
You'll see this.
The fish are going to start coming up from the depth.
And you're going to go, 'What kind of fish is that?
We've never even seen that fish before.
' Watch.
Remember what I'm telling you.
You're going to see these things.
Volcanoes are going to go off on the ocean floor and there's going to be great shakings and you will see fearful sights.
And it will be so much so that you cannot look horizontal in the natural.
If you look on the news, if you look on what's going on around you, it will cause mere men to fear.
And it said in the word that men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming upon the earth, for the powers of the heavens shall be shaken.
You're going to see things that you did not ever dream you would see.
The Bible even said that the earth would rock and reel like a drunkard with earthquakes and things.
So, we're going to see some radical stuff up in here that you never believed you would see, folks.
But the Lord told me when I was getting ready to do this video, he said, 'Brandon, I'm about to show up in a way that this generation has never seen before.
' In any of these generations, probably from your great-grandma to whoever is on this earth right now, you've never seen a showing up and showing off like you're about to see, where you will say, 'God is God.
' And in a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
Everything's going to change and you're going to look back and say, 'Do you remember how things changed so quickly after 9/11?
' It was a United States event, but it affected the whole world.
In a matter of just a couple of moments, one day, 24-hour period, everything changed.
Folks, I'm telling you, another event is about to take place.
Another major event is about to take place.
I heard somebody sent me an email again.
You told me, 'Brandon, Cindy Jacobs just gave a word that told about the terrorist cells inside of America.
' And she named off Dallas.
She named off San Diego.
She named off Los Angeles.
And she named off New York.
Folks, I told you 10 cities.
I told you 10 major cities.
I saw this in January to warn you all, 10 major cities, about trucks and vans with...
but it was not terrorists.
I said these are...
this is a nation inside of our nation, and it is an act of war.
What I have seen coming: attacks from within, attacks within, a Red Dawn experience.
And we have another prophetess, a lady that I believe hears the voice of the Lord.
Over time, she has a track record saying, 'This is what I've seen coming.
We must pray.
' I told you to pray for our churches' Easter as we come against Iran, as we come against Hezbollah, as we come against these terror groups.
There are hidden cells, the enemy within, a Red Dawn experience inside of our nation.
Is it China?
People say that was what the movie is about—was China.
Is China in our nation?
I don't know about China.
The Lord didn't show me China.
The Lord showed me Iran.
You need to hear that.
The Lord showed me Iran and other nations.
They were like assisting inside us as they infiltrated across the border.
Three major generals—I've warned you about these generals.
They're still here.
And most people go, 'Well, we haven't seen nothing happen.
' Glory to God.
Glory to God that we have not seen those trucks go off, but the vans...
but I'm warning you.
I know by the Spirit of the Lord this is not over.
And most people are like an ostrich.
They put their head in the sand and they don't want to know what's going on.
They don't...
'Well, you know, he's a false prophet.
They didn't hear it right.
' Oh, because it didn't happen in your timing.
Thank God Daniel is not...
you know, after how many thousands of years, some of his words have still not come to pass, and he's in the Bible.
Glory to God, folks.
I'm telling you, it's His grace and His mercy and His timing of when things are going to take place.
But I'm telling you, when I've been praying lately, the Lord said to me, 'You need to look at Jeremiah.
You need to read Jeremiah, Brandon, for you're a type and shadow of a Jeremiah in these last days.
' And I said, 'Lord, that's harsh.
What is that?
' So, Diana, I've been reading Jeremiah over and over.
I've been meditating on one of the scriptures, but this is the one He gave me.
And so, read Jeremiah, baby.
Then I said, 'Oh, Lord God, behold, the prophets say to them, "You shall not see the sword, nor shall you have famine, but I will give you assured peace in this place.
"' And the Lord said to me, 'The prophets prophesy lies in my name.
I have not sent them, commanded them, nor spoken to them.
They prophesy to you a false vision, divination, a worthless thing, and a deceit of their heart.
Therefore, thus says the Lord concerning the prophets who prophesy in my name, whom I did not send, and who say sword and famine shall not be in this land.
By sword and famine, those prophets shall be consumed, and the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword.
They will have no one to bury them, nor their wives, their sons, nor their daughters, for I will pour their wickedness on them.
Therefore, you shall say this word to them: "Let my eyes flow with tears night and day, and let them not cease.
For the virgin daughter of my people has been broken with a mighty stroke, with a very severe blow.
If I go out to the field, then behold those slain with the sword.
And if I enter the city, then behold those sick from famine.
Yes, both prophet and priest go about in a land they do not know.
"' What I want to say to you all is that there's a lot of people speaking to a lot of itching ears.
And I'm telling you all by the Spirit of the Lord, what I've seen as I go up higher is that God has given us that window.
And in this window, what will you do with it?
I'm telling you all that I've seen hard times coming for some, especially the ones that are not listening.
There's a great shaking to awaken that's about to take place upon the world.
It's not just about America.
Well, what about Donald Trump?
What about all this?
I told you I've seen a plague.
I told you I've seen these plagues like Jesus talking about.
I'm talking about major plagues.
I'm talking about major famine.
So much so that there were lines down the road trying to find food, trying to get food.
When you say, 'When is that going to happen?
' I don't know.
I can't give you an exact date.
On this day, at this, it's going to manifest.
I see in part, hear in part.
All I know is as I go up higher, as an eagle's eye view, I see these things coming.
I see a major revival with brush arbor churches.
I saw people that looked like a sea of people with a Holy Ghost Woodstock revival.
And it wasn't happening in your average churches that thought they were qualified to have it.
'Well, we walk in holiness.
We walk...
we don't wear makeup.
We don't cut our hair.
We don't do...
well, we qualify ourselves and so we're there.
' No, it's people that you least expect it that God is going to put His finger on them as a new David and say, 'Rise up, son or daughter, and take my gospel throughout the whole world.
' And you will see people that were just the people in the back corner that God's going to bring up to the forefront overnight.
And the people who are on the forefront right now are going to lose their positions because they don't want to let God be God and flow in the Holy Ghost in the churches.
And you're going to see people that have huge platforms in the days ahead lose everything within a 24-hour period.
And you're going to see them that they're going to go, 'Whoa, my goodness, what happened to their ministry?
Well, my goodness, where is this person coming from?
' because they were the ones that just said yes.
And the ones that are on the platform now are the ones just saying no.
'Well, we've done church this way for all these years, and it's been this way for all these years, and we love the way it's been for all these years, but God says, "Behold, I'm going to do a new thing.
"' And you are so backbone-stiff-necked to Him saying, 'I'm going to do it this way, and this is the way we've always been.
' And God says, 'I'm going to do something new in this generation.
And I'm going to bring the Holy Ghost in a new way and a new era of time with a new river instead of flowing the way you've always done it.
' And if you are stiff-necked, I'm telling you, there's sin behind the pulpits more than just being stiff-necked.
And the Lord said, 'Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
' And He warned me.
He said, 'Brandon, don't touch the gold, and don't touch my glory.
' And there's many prophetic voices right now that are touching the gold and the glory.
There's many preachers right now that are touching the gold and touching the glory.
He told me, He said, 'If you're touching the gold and you're touching the glory,' just like He told Oral Roberts, He said, 'Woe unto you.
' Because that anointing...
you'll see it present on people's lives in the past, and you'll go, 'What happened to them?
' It's like they're dried in the desert.
You're in the Mojave, and you go, 'What happened to the Holy Ghost?
' Because He pulled His stuff from you.
He pulled the glory from you, and He's not going to share it with anybody.
He said to me, 'If you deflect it to the Father all the time, you're going to walk with me, son.
If you never ask my people for a dime, I'll pour it out on you.
I'll bless you in the city and the field coming in.
But you'll never use your platform ever in any way to go and solicit my people for anything.
If you feed my people, they will feed you.
If you preach the word to them, they'll take care of you.
But you never solicit, pastor, you know, go up there and do this.
No, just preach and bring the glory down, and God will take care of you.
You're not doing it to get the people to give you something.
' The Lord told me, "There are many of my prophetic voices right now who have used the anointing and the glory for material gain.
" They've used it for material gain; they have big jets, big cars, and all this stuff.
God doesn't care about you being prosperous, ladies and gentlemen; it's not about that.
He wants you to have exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
But don't sell the anointing.
Pray for the people.
Freely you've been given, freely you give it out.
It doesn't cost anything.
You know how many people think, "If I pray for that person and they get healed of cancer, I deserve payment"?
We went to these people because we wanted deliverance; people told us that Megan had a devil and that she had autism because of it.
We were desperate.
As a young person at twenty-some years old, I said, "Oh my gosh, I don't know where to go to get a devil cast out, but if she has a devil, Diana, let's go!
" So, we spent all we had on a credit card and drove down to Dallas because they wouldn't pray for her until they received payment.
They wanted five hundred dollars.
We paid them the five hundred bucks on a credit card because we needed the deliverance.
We were crushed when we left and no devil was out.
This is a major ministry, and they still took the money.
We paid for hotels and childcare to come with us and bought their hotel because we thought, "This is it.
Once we get this devil cast out, we're going to get our miracle and she's going to talk because it's the devil holding her tongue.
" I'm telling you folks, I've seen it all, and woe unto you who have done that kind of stuff.
We've lived it, and it was crushing.
I walked away feeling like somebody had punched me in the stomach.
If I mentioned their ministry, you would freak out.
I would, but I vowed I'd never do it.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Not only that, love doesn't do that to his brother.
They'll fall on their own; they'll do it themselves.
I'm telling you, the anointing is going to expose people like that because if it happened with us, it's happened to a lot more, trust me.
Those days are over.
You will see an arising of new faces in the days to come because of the way the anointing was distributed in the past.
We've been to places where the glory came into a service after the main speaker left, and the shekinah glory showed up because God was waiting for the main speaker to be done.
The glory wasn't on that speaker, and He was waiting for them to leave.
There's a problem, folks.
We will see a line coming in the body of Christ like we've never seen before with people who are rising up and just saying "yes" versus the people who thought they were something.
Big heads and big egos are coming, and God is saying, "Look, I'm looking for somebody who's just humble.
" We deflect to You, Lord, because without You, we can do nothing, but with You, we can do anything.
All things are possible to him who believes.
I just wanted you to be aware of Jeremiah and Matthew 24 and know we are in the last days.
The things you're going to see in the near future will be shock and awe for some of you because you've listened to so much sugar.
You've eaten so much sugar that your teeth are rotten and you need to get off of it.
It's destroying you.
Get on a sugar cleanse because we are in the last of the last days and Jesus Christ is coming back again.
He's coming back for a church that has a backbone and is without spot or wrinkle—not one with demonic oppression where you're walking around busted and disgusted with demonic strongholds.
Wrinkles are hidden sin—walking around looking at stuff on the internet, partying, drinking, and acting a fool, thinking that you are a part of the remnant when you are not.
I'm not saying you have to be self-righteous, but there's a difference between practicing sin and trying not to.
People fall, but we don't practice it on purpose.
Lukewarm means you are practicing sin on purpose.
"I'm purposely going to go out tonight to the club to dance, get high, smoke our reefer, drink some whiskey, and have sex with my girlfriend, but we're saved and part of the remnant.
" You're a fool.
If you messed up, fine—repent, take communion, and say, "God, forgive me," but don't make a habit of it.
Repent means to turn away from.
I will not have a lifestyle of practicing this and thinking that I'm godly.
It's so foolish.
I'm talking about the person who is deliberately being an idiot.
Deliberate sin.
"I'm going to snort that cocaine and then I'll repent afterwards.
I've got this bag of coke and I'm just going to go to town on this.
I bet Jesus is going to forgive me.
" I'm not saying that God won't forgive you if you confess your sins, but I'm talking about going in the Rapture; I'm talking about people who are sold out for God.
I want to shake you for what's coming.
I was sitting in the car praying and looking out over an Irish pub in Tulsa.
I was eating my fish because the Lord's been on me about taking care of myself.
I saw all the people going in, and they are oblivious to what's coming.
We are the frog in a pot and the water is boiling around us, but we have no idea because we've become so desensitized to our surroundings.
As I was sitting there, the Lord told me, "Brandon, there's going to be an event.
" There's going to be a major event that everyone—it's going to get their attention.
I just refuse to have your blood on my hands.
That when you get up and you're standing before the Father, you can say that no one warned you.
I warn you with everything I have inside of me to warn you as a man of God.
I'm just Brandon, but I stand on my wall and I look out on the edge of the horizon of time, my wife and I, and we yell as loud as we can to tell you: Jesus is coming.
But I'll not have your blood on my hands.
And you get before the Lord and say, "No one warned me.
" Prophet so-and-so said all things were good, everything was going to be all right for so long, and we had fifty years, we have all this time.
Folks, no man knows the day or the hour.
But as we watch the fig tree, Israel, as we look at the signs of what He said was coming in His beautiful Word, you yourself can discern and see that, can't you?
If you just take a moment to look and go inward—do you not feel the urgency?
Do you not feel the shaking inside of you warning you that Jesus is coming?
I believe even somebody with one eye and half sense could see around them with wars and rumors of wars, earthquakes in divers places, and what you're about to see as the economy crashes, as the Dow Jones plummets 2,000 points, 1,500—all these things.
Is that the beginning of the major crash?
I don't know, we'll watch.
Just keep watching.
I'm not here to point you to things financially like that; I'm here to point you and to tell you I've seen things coming.
And that's my job.
I said a digital dollar will come.
A major shaking to awaken is coming.
A digital dollar will come and point you to Jesus.
Yes.
Crypto will be a new platform that brings in the beast system.
When is that?
I don't know.
Watch.
Keep watching.
We're praying over it.
All I know is I have an anticipation.
All I know is Diana and I both have such an anticipation that Jesus is coming.
Everybody wants to know all the time, "I need to know when.
" Look around you.
The fig tree is blossoming and it has huge figs on it, and they look ripe to me.
If they sacrifice the red heifer soon—and we don't know if they do—if we see the temple being negotiated with Trump...
I warned you: Trump, in his term, will negotiate the peace treaty for the Third Temple.
I've seen it.
Now we have basically almost four years left.
He's only been in there for not even a hundred days.
Look at all that's happened.
When will he bring this to pass?
Will he do this?
I've seen it.
I'm just human; I can miss it.
But I've seen things and I'm praying over it, and it will be with the Saudi Arabia prince, and I saw Macron, and all these things are going on.
Will we see the Third Temple being built soon?
Will we see the Antichrist start to be coming out of the cracks a little bit?
I don't believe he'll be fully released until the church is gone.
I believe we're the Great Restrainer.
The church is the Great Restrainer.
And when the Great Restrainer is removed, like the Word talks about, then the Antichrist will show his face.
So if that is about to take place, how close are we if they start getting ready to build the Third Temple?
How close are we, folks?
Only time will tell.
Most people say, "Brandon, you said Jesus is coming back soon, but you're talking about four years and five years.
" Folks, five years ain't nothing.
If it's 2030 and we're out of here, or 2028 and we're out of here, and then by the next Shemitah cycle—a four-year window for a major revival and all these major shakings—if the Shemitah cycle comes and we leave in that time frame by 2028, I don't know about you, but the last year even went by fast.
But my goodness, folks, four years ain't nothing.
Five years ain't nothing.
But most people go, "Well, that's a long time for me.
" Yeah, I can see if you think your life's terrible and you don't like living day-to-day, four years could be a long time if you're looking at a clock.
But if you're busy doing the Father's business, if you're busy doing what the Father has told you to do, four years is a blink.
Every day I'm pulled so hard from you all that I go, "What happened in the week?
" I blink twice and I'm trying to fill myself up all the time.
Like yesterday and the day before, just sitting there going, "God, pour into me.
" I feel like people are like a vacuum onto me, sucking everything out of me.
It's literally—and I've been like, "God, from church.
" When I'm at church, people go, "I need you to minister to me.
" I'm like, "No, no, no.
I need ministry, too.
Let me stand in line.
Help me.
" It's what I feel like because after you get through with the weeks I've had with people pouring on you and asking for prayer and everything, you dump out and I go, "God, fill my cup, Lord.
Fill it up, Lord.
God, I need help.
I need a drink.
Please.
I'm so parched.
I need help.
Help me.
" I take the Bible.
I go, "Help me.
" It's just being real.
Diana reading.
Diana's like, "I'm tired.
My eyes are tired.
I don't want to read.
" I say, "Read!
Please help me.
Put it on Audible.
" I'm not here to try to complain.
I'm here to try to tell you Jesus is coming and we love you.
Well, we're going to pray.
I feel like that's enough of what we said.
I probably said way too much, but I just tried to do what I felt on my spirit as I sat there and prayed today.
Let's take this body and let's take the communion together and let's pray.
Let's pray for you.
Let's pray for all that you're believing for.
Many of you are believing for a lot, but it's not a lot to God.
Seems a lot to us, but like I said, all things are possible to him who believes.
So, Father, we thank you for this body.
We thank you that Easter's coming, Resurrection Sunday.
Jesus, the day you died and you rose again, the day we celebrate as Christians: we believe that Jesus Christ died and He's coming back again.
He rose from the dead and He ascended to the Father and He's coming back again.
Jesus is coming again.
And we believe that that day is at hand, that the hour of the Son of Man is coming again upon this earth and you're coming back for us.
We believe that in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, we'll all be changed.
And we're going from glory to glory.
And we believe, Father, that right now, we have a job to do.
And we thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken that we're able to do it, that we're not underneath the old covenant.
We have a new covenant.
And your blood was shed for us that we don't have to walk in a devil's defeat.
We don't have to walk in poverty and lack and not enough and barely getting by, but we walk in the authority of the believer, knowing that greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
We lift up this body that represents the body that was broken for us.
You were beaten.
You were bruised.
You went through all of it for us that by your stripes we are healed.
Thank you, Lord, for your body.
And we take this right now in Jesus' name.
I didn't get one.
Okay.
Sorry.
Here you go.
We got that one.
And the sister sent us another from Amazon.
Glory to God.
We take this blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, this blood travels through all our cells.
And it says cancer cells, diabetes cells, whatever you may have, you can't live here anymore—get out.
Hypothyroid, slow thyroid, whatever: be gone in Jesus' name.
Eyes open, ears open!
Blinded eyes see, deaf ears hear, hearts function.
All of it is by the blood, by his stripes, by his body.
It's all been paid for on that cross.
What he did for us, what he bore in his body, we need not bear in our own body.
Satanic bondage—from cigarettes to alcohol, to sexual perversion, to drug addiction, to whatever it may be—you are free by the blood, by the body.
You are free.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we're free.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I'm free.
Thank you, Jesus, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Father.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord.
Glory to God!
We give you praise, glory, and honor for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we let our praises outmatch our prayers today.
And we give you glory for healing our bodies.
You've delivered us from all sickness and disease.
You've made us joint heirs with you, Jesus.
We're seated in the throne room right now and we sit at your feet.
We're there.
We're looking at you and we say, "For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
" And as we do that, Lord, we know that you inhabit the praises of your people.
Lord, we give you praise, glory, and honor, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
This will be the greatest year we've ever seen in our lives.
As we sit on the edge of the horizon of time and all the things that we've seen coming that are going to be shaken to awaken, we're awake and we're going to have catcher's mitts on because the people are coming in fast.
They're going to be looking as things are being shaken; they're going to be looking at all these signs going around.
They're going to be looking, and we're going to be there waiting on them.
We're saying, "Come on over here.
We have an answer.
It's Jesus.
Jesus is coming.
" Plain and simple.
We're here to tell you, "Come on over here.
We have the sign.
We're out here.
" They see it.
"Where's your sign?
" Our sign's over here: "Jesus is coming.
" That's our sign.
And everybody's looking at us; they see it on our faces, it's on us.
They say, "There's something different about you.
You're not panicked.
Why are you not freaked out?
All this stuff's going on; we're going all horizontal.
" Well, how are you not freaked out?
Because we're going vertical.
Our eyes are looking at him.
We ain't looking at all this down here, folks.
We're looking up because our redemption draws nigh.
We're staying vertical while others are looking horizontal.
You say, "How are you not freaked out?
" Because we're looking vertical.
Our eyes are looking on Jesus.
We're looking up because our redemption draws nigh.
And we know that the Son of Man is coming on those clouds high above.
Remember at the trumpet call, lift your voice!
It's the year of Jubilee.
Yes, it is.
It's time.
Our Zion's here.
Salvation comes.
Behold, he comes riding on a cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet call.
Lift your voice!
It's the year of Jubilee.
Do you believe it?
It's time, folks.
It's time to rise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on you today.
It's time to shake off those garments of barely getting by.
It's time to shake off the woe is me thinking, the victim mentality.
It's time to shake it off and rise and shine.
It's our greatest hour.
It's our time to take our baton and grab a hold of it and finish this race strong.
Not saying, "Well, sister so-and-so is down.
" No, go lift her up out of that ditch and say, "No, sister.
It's time to get excited.
Jesus is coming.
" No matter what everybody else says and what's going on around us, I know that my redeemer lives.
I know he lives on the inside of me and I know that he's coming back for me.
Glory to God!
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Regardless of the Canadian government, regardless of all the things going on, you can look horizontal and say, "Oh no, the sky is falling, Chicken Little.
" But I stay vertical.
Regardless of what the economy is doing right now, regardless of the terrorists, regardless of all this stuff, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
He said he'd never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
So if he took care of the lilies of the field and the sparrows of the air, how much more will he take care of me?
How much more will he take care of Diana and me and the children?
How much more will he take care of you?
Ladies and gentlemen, if the stock market falls 2,000 points every day next week—if it goes down to the Dow Jones 20,000 again—what would that be like?
You'd say, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
We're in a great recession.
" I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
I believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and he'll provide for me.
He's going to provide for me regardless of what the Dow Jones says or what anybody else says.
Jesus is my provider.
He is my strong tower.
I'm staying vertical, listening to him, because I know that what the devil means for bad, God's going to turn it for good.
Father, we just give you praise, glory, and honor today.
Glory to God!
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And we thank you, Lord, for the healings that are happening right now.
Like popcorn, they're popping all over this internet broadcast.
People are receiving their healings.
People are receiving what they've been believing for.
Marriages are being restored; marriages are coming back together.
Children are coming in the name of Jesus.
Father, there's restoration of homes, houses, and marriages.
Wayward husbands, wayward wives—they're coming to Jesus Christ today.
Wayward sons, wayward daughters, wayward grandchildren—they're coming home in the name of Jesus.
Wayward aunts, wayward uncles—it doesn't matter.
Nothing's too big, nothing's too small.
Jesus has it all.
I believe that today you're going to get your breakthrough.
Everything has an expiration date, and it's time.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe, Father, that you're the God of more than enough.
We call in finances.
We believe, Father, that you provide seed for the sower.
You anoint our finances.
You anoint Diana and my finances.
We thank you, Lord, that you said you would take care of us and provide for us.
You'll always take care of us.
You will provide for them.
You're no respecter of persons.
What you'll do for one, you'll do for another.
Father, you're able to do it.
We call it in right now from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Finances, come forth in the name of Jesus.
Father, to support this gospel throughout the whole world, finances, come forth in the name of Jesus.
That's what you've got to say.
You've got to say that just like I'm praying right now: "Come forth in the name of Jesus.
" Creative ideas to get wealth.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that everything I put my hands to will prosper.
I'm the head and not the tail.
I'm above and not beneath.
I'll go through and I'll not go under.
I believe, Father, that you've anointed me for such a time as this to go and get the plunder.
I'm going out to grab hold of what's in the world's economy and bring it into the kingdom of God.
I am going just like Joshua and Caleb, and we're going to go and take the land for Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the healing power that flows on every single person who's believing for healing today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that they're restored in their health and restored in their bodies, and they'll not keep going around this mountain anymore.
Father, we refuse to spend another year going around a mountain.
We refuse to be like the children of Israel in the desert going around the mountain.
Father, we go and we take the land for Jesus.
We're going to go get that blessing.
We're going to go get the land in Jesus' name.
Now, Father, we lift up President Trump and these big decisions he's making.
I thank you, Lord, that he has advisors and the people around him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're filled with control by the Holy Ghost and they are hearing Him even if they don't know they're hearing Him.
President Trump's hearing Him and he may not know he's hearing Him.
It's setting everything up for the end times and he may not even know it, but he is pushing the domino for the end time to happen.
He's pushing it.
He's getting things ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the beast system.
He's pushing the domino.
I believe it's through him it's happening.
The end is happening.
It's right in front of our faces if we just look, and he's using Trump to get it done.
He may not even know he's being used.
But we know, Father, that the steps are being—I believe the righteous are being led by the Lord.
I don't know if Trump's too righteous, but we believe that he will be on fire for the Lord in a mighty way.
I thank you, Father, that he's filled with the Holy Ghost with speaking in other tongues.
The glory of the Lord will rest on the White House for the first time ever, and a mighty Holy Ghost and fire will be on the White House.
They will have prayer in the Oval Office—not just any prayer, Holy Ghost prayer in the Oval Office, on the Senate floor, and in the House.
Holy Ghost and fire over this nation for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
One last time, Jesus is going to visit America one last time for a great harvest of souls as we see all the signs coming around us.
Thank you, Lord.
From nation to nation, from every tribe and every tongue, Father, they'll have the opportunity to hear about the Lord Jesus Christ.
Thank you, Father.
We give you praise, glory, and honor at this very hour, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
We believe it now, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the great manifestations of the glory that are coming in the name of Jesus.
We call revival.
One last call.
One great revival.
Nation to nation.
We call in the revival in the name of Jesus for demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
We drink from the river of life.
Out of the flow we will go as we stay at the river.
Forgive those that have persecuted you.
Walk in love.
Walk in the manifest glory of love.
Love never fails.
You've got to forgive those that have hurt you.
Forgive them, for it's a stumbling block and a hindrance of the glory and the flow.
If you've had a separation and a divorce and there is great hurt, pain, and discomfort concerning these things, forgive him by faith.
Forgive her by faith.
I hear words of hurt and bitterness toward people at work or family.
Release it and let it go.
This is what is required of you to go up higher with me.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Don't let the sun go down on another day with this inside of you.
Let it go by faith and let love prevail.
Let the love of the Father wash over you and wash it out of you.
"That church hurt me.
" I hear it.
They hurt me so.
I can't go back in.
I'll never step foot into another church.
That pastor, deacon, or church member hurt me.
They said so much.
They're a bunch of hypocrites.
I hear these words.
But the Lord says, "Forgive them.
" You've got to do it by faith.
You're bigger than this.
Go higher than this.
Don't let the devil build a stronghold.
As of today, the Lord says, "I'm setting you free from the stronghold of bitterness.
" It's time to come back to the fold.
It's time to let go.
Release it and let it go.
You wrestle not against flesh and blood.
You need to know this.
It's not them; it's the demonic spirits working through them to snare you out of what I've called you to do.
To snare you out of what I've called you to do—it's been a stumbling block.
You keep walking up to it and tripping over it again because you have to deal with them time and time again, and you keep stumbling.
Oh, those memories and the roots of hurt, bitterness, and pain.
It's gone so deep; it's become a strong root.
It's not even mature; it's not even a little plant anymore.
It has grown into a great bush.
You've got to uproot it now in Jesus' name and throw it into the fire.
Uproot it now.
You do it by faith.
Say, 'I receive by faith.
I receive forgiveness.
I receive this forgiveness by faith.
I receive it.
I release them in Jesus' name.
' But they keep coming back and hurting me again.
I release it.
I will not let this build any more roots in my heart.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong, and I receive it by faith in the name of Jesus.
There's a river that's flowing, a river that flows.
You say, 'Why have I been so dry?
What about my soul?
I don't hear you, Lord.
' Forgive them.
Let it go.
The deep root of bitterness is taking hold of your soul.
Let go.
There's a spiritual awakening happening in you right now—an awakening unto God.
A fresh fire and anointing are coming on you today because you've let love flow.
Let love take control over this heart, for I am love.
God is love.
It doesn't mean you let them keep abusing you.
I hear you say, 'Well, do I go back to the abuse?
' No, you can forgive and not go back to the abuse.
You don't have to be abused, but you let it go inside of you.
These people have been hurting you, but you don't go back to the abuse.
You just don't let it stay in you.
I forgive them for my sake.
I let love flow.
But you can put up restraints and say, 'No, I'm not going to let you hurt me anymore.
' Sometimes you put up a barrier; those are healthy boundaries.
You don't let them keep coming in and dumping their trash on you, but you don't let it build a root in you.
They may not want to change, but that doesn't mean it has to hold you back.
I forgive them, but I'm going to maintain boundaries.
We're not bitter; we're just not going to allow the enemy to use you to keep eating away at me.
Today is a new day.
Say it: 'Today is a new day.
' I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Today is a new day for you.
' I'm coming out of that pit of despair.
Today is a healthy day, and I'm going to walk in the light.
I'm going to walk in the light because He is in the light.
I'm going to walk in love because He is love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong, and I release it in the name of Jesus.
Love is patient, love is kind, and love is not easily provoked.
Love never fails.
I choose to stay in this marriage.
Unless there is something unbiblical going on, like cheating or abuse, there is no cause for divorce just because you say you don't love him anymore.
I would recommend reading 'The Love Dare.
' If love grows cold, how did you fall in love in the first place?
Keep quoting: 'Love never fails.
' I choose to love my spouse.
Stir up that love inside of you.
You might think that lady at the office is nice, but that's lust.
There's a spirit behind it.
The grass is not greener on the other side.
You open the door for the devil, and he'll rob you of years; the cankerworm will eat your life.
I'm going to remain pure, honor my wife, and honor the covenant I made.
It will get better, and the kids will appreciate Mom and Dad staying together.
We're going to walk in love, not for some hussy at work.
I'm going to remain true to my vows.
Women, remain true to your vows.
Some guy at work has come up smelling good and talks to you, filling an emotional need.
It's dangerous; you're playing with fire.
You won't find fulfillment in another person; you only find that through Jesus Christ.
The more you try to fill it elsewhere, the less you understand why your husband isn't meeting your needs.
Don't call your girlfriend and complain that your husband is lazy.
He doesn't ever love on me.
Let it go.
Keep walking.
Father, all I need is you.
Fill my love tank today.
Father, fill that love need today and work on my husband.
Father, I thank you.
Whatever my husband's going through, he may be having the roughest day at work.
His boss might have been so mean to him.
Father, I don't know what it is, but Father, I ask you to break those scales off of our marriage.
Stir in our marriage today.
Stir in us, Father, that we live long and finish strong.
Our marriage will not falter.
God, we're going to make this work.
Pray for him.
Pray in the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you that there's no hussy coming after my husband.
Seriously, you've got to do it.
And if you don't, who will?
Oh, well, the pastor will.
No, pastors have their plates full.
You need to do it.
Glory to God.
Yes.
I don't know who that was for, but that was for somebody.
I felt it so strong inside.
That came out in tongues.
Do you have anything else for us, Holy Spirit?
I see green grass.
It's green and it's being watered and it's a brook.
I see the brook and the trees.
Oh, a place of peace, a place of joy.
For goodness and mercy are going to take you over today.
They're always following you, but they're going to take you over.
As you yield, stop running.
There are many of you who are running from me.
He says he's just looking for a yielded yes.
'I will,' and he said, 'I will take over.
' Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over is more than just finances.
It's an overflow of my love, my grace, my joy, my goodness, and my mercy.
That good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, that's going to be given into your bosom.
But I'm telling you, it's more than this.
You'll see it.
It's an overflow of goodness, mercy, and peace.
Goodness and mercy are going to follow you, but now they're going to overtake you.
As you release it, that torment is gone.
The torment of things is gone.
Oh, Father, we give you praise and glory for it right now in Jesus' name.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for doing this and bringing it to pass.
It's coming to pass at last.
Hallelujah.
Goodness and mercy are taking and running us down.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
Great signs will follow them that believe.
And the greater works you'll do, for I work through you.
Don't look at the edge of time.
Focus on today with me and you.
Don't be worried about tomorrow, for tomorrow takes thought of itself.
Many of you are worried and fretting about tomorrow.
The threats and the worry about life are choking the life out of you.
You're not living because you're always thinking about tomorrow, worried and having anxiety.
Don't let anxiety in you anymore, for love is standing at the door.
Let love take over and flow.
For I am love.
Let me in and I'll take over.
I know what tomorrow holds for you.
I have everything in my hand.
As you seek my face, you can have what's in my hand.
Flow with that love.
I know what your future holds.
I'll take care of the lilies of the field and the sparrow of the air.
I'll take care of you.
Don't worry about the edge of the horizon.
Don't sit there and freak out.
People are freaking out, going, 'Oh no, what are we going to do about what's coming?
' I have it all planned out for you.
The steps of the righteous are ordered of me.
Only seek me and I'll work through you.
Glory to God.
And it will come to pass at last.
All that I have for you.
The sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand.
I'm working through you as the seeds you've sown in the past are going to come to harvest at last.
Great manifestations of the glory and an acceleration of seedtime and harvest.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
It will come to pass at last.
You're going to see it.
Diana, what he has for us and for the body.
As we look at the edge of all these things that are coming, we're not worried.
We stay in the atmosphere of peace because he knows what we have need of before we even know it.
Stay in that place of rest.
Our mind is stayed on him.
We see it going horizontal, but we stay vertical.
Glory to God.
That's what we have for you today.
Thank you for joining us.
We appreciate every single one of you.
This is the verse I was thinking of: 'You will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you because he trusts in you.
' That's Isaiah 26:3.
It's beautiful.
Keeping him in perfect peace because his eye is trusting you.
We're staying vertical.
If you could, subscribe if you haven't, click the notification bell, and the like button.
There's a lot of you that watch all the time but never click the like button.
We appreciate your support.
If 60,000 clicks would come on there, that'd be a big day.
It would be a real blessing to us if there were 60,000 comments.
It boosts us in the algorithm.
Some folks don't like us, but we love you anyway.
We really appreciate you subscribing and clicking the notification bell; it helps us with the algorithm.
God bless you all.
That's all we ask for.
It's not hard, just click.
Thank you for joining us today.
We always close our broadcast by saying: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you, and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.